assets/plugins/github-calendar/DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

## Documentation

You can see below the API reference of this module.

### `GitHubCalendar(container, username, options)`
Brings the contributions calendar from GitHub (provided username) into your page.

#### Params

- **String|HTMLElement** `container`: The calendar container (query selector or the element itself).
- **String** `username`: The GitHub username.
- **Object** `options`: An object containing the following fields:
   - `summary_text` (String): The text that appears under the calendar (defaults to: `"Summary of
     pull requests, issues opened, and commits made by <username>"`).
   - `proxy` (Function): A function that receives as argument the username (string) and should return a promise resolving the HTML content of the contributions page.
     The default is using @Bloggify's APIs.
   - `global_stats` (Boolean): If `false`, the global stats (total, longest and current streaks) will not be calculated and displayed. By default this is enabled.
   - `responsive` (Boolean): If `true`, the graph is changed to scale with the container. Custom CSS should be applied to the element to scale it appropriately. By default this is disabled.
   - `cache` (Number) The cache time in seconds.

#### Return
- **Promise** A promise returned by the `fetch()` call.

Commit message:

Repara github calendar
Se actualiza github calendar con la ultima version ya que fallaba al cargar

assets/plugins/github-calendar/DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

## Documentation

You can see below the API reference of this module.

### `GitHubCalendar(container, username, options)`
Brings the contributions calendar from GitHub (provided username) into your page.

#### Params

- **String|HTMLElement** `container`: The calendar container (query selector or the element itself).
- **String** `username`: The GitHub username.
- **Object** `options`: An object containing the following fields:
   - `summary_text` (String): The text that appears under the calendar (defaults to: `"Summary of
     pull requests, issues opened, and commits made by <username>"`).
   - `proxy` (Function): A function that receives as argument the username (string) and should return a promise resolving the HTML content of the contributions page.
     The default is using @Bloggify's APIs.
   - `global_stats` (Boolean): If `false`, the global stats (total, longest and current streaks) will not be calculated and displayed. By default this is enabled.
   - `responsive` (Boolean): If `true`, the graph is changed to scale with the container. Custom CSS should be applied to the element to scale it appropriately. By default this is disabled.
   - `tooltips` (Boolean): If `true`, tooltips will be shown when hovered over calendar days. By default this is disabled.
   - `cache` (Number) The cache time in seconds.

#### Return
- **Promise** A promise returned by the `fetch()` call.
